Renaming Json Configuration Variables -> Structured Configuration Variables (#835)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/deployment-examples/asp.net-core-web-application-deployments/index.md

## Configuration {#DeployingASP.NETCoreWebApplications-Configuration}

> !include <structured-configuration-variables>

Reviewer: @Silcoish the updated file will also be included here. Does the updated content apply to this file (asp.net-core-web-application-deployments/index.md) as well, or do we need to keep the old JSON configuration content for this page?

Reviewer: It might be better to link to the new content than duplicate here (if the update applies to this page as well).

Author: Yup, it'll apply here too.

> Refer to [structured configuration variables](/docs/shared-content/structured-configuration-variables.include.md) on how to setup configuration.

Reviewer: Swap the link to the page that uses the includes text:
```suggestion
Refer to [structured configuration variables](/docs/deployment-process//structured-configuration-variables-feature.md) on how to setup configuration.
```
